chore(docs): update dev pipelines (#4865)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/infrastructure/development-pipeline.md

## Git Syncing – Source Control Management

A best practice is to keep track of changes to your chatbot using your preferred [Source Control Management Tool(SCM)](https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/version-control-software/) and always deploy the master branch in production. Once deployed, you can regularly [pull](versions#pull) changes and update them to your SCM or revert to them when the need arises. Doing so helps you harness your SCM power for branches, merging conflicting files, reviewing changes, and creating revisions.

Suppose you have a more complex deployment pipeline with one or multiple staging environments with pending changes on each environment. In that case, you can easily track and work on them using development pipelines.

### Setting up Botpress Git Syncing (with GitHub)

1. [Download Botpress](https://botpress.com/download)
2. Open your terminal and ```cd [PATH]/botpress-v12_20_2-darwin-x64```
3. Set up GitHub remote tracking
```
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin git@github.com:[GH_USERNAME]/bp-project.git
git push -u origin main
```
4. You can add a develop and staging branch to fit your workflow

> 5. Everytime you make a change in the Conversation Studio or in your preferred code editor, you can commit that change to track changes.

Reviewer: Conversation Studio? Is that the new name?

Reviewer 2: We have been using this name for a while now. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16433460/118480340-18352e00-b6e0-11eb-962f-acb8d8b7302d.png)

First, create a branch and sync it with the production environment:

```
git checkout master && git checkout -b prod-sync
./bp pull --url {PROD_SERVER_URL} --authToken {YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN} --targetDir {TARGET_DIRECTORY}
git commit -am 'sync prod'
```

Repeat the process with staging environment:

```
git checkout master && git checkout -b staging-sync
./bp pull --url {STAGING_SERVER_URL} --authToken {YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN} --targetDir {TARGET_DIRECTORY}
git commit -am 'sync staging'
```

Then merge the staging changes into the prod changes:

`git checkout prod-sync && git merge staging-sync`

This will create a merge conflict; use your preferred merge tool to review the changes and resolve the conflicts. Once done, you can publish your branch and create a pull request (if your hosted git allows it), and merge it to master.

Once your master branch is up-to-date, you'll be able to [push](versions#push) the changes to production with:

`./bp push --url {PROD_SERVER_URL} --authToken {YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN} --targetDir {TARGET_DIRECTORY}`

With these quick tips, you can now promote any environment changes to any stage in your deployment pipeline.

## Editing on the Production Server

> Once your bot is deployed, you (and non-technical team members) **can still make changes to your bots from Botpress Studio**, which is one significant advantage of using Botpress. This is made possible by our built-in versioning system.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure we want to promote editing chatbots in production anymore as this differs very much of our vision and from a normal developer workflow. 

CC @spg I'd love your thoughts on this whole doc section

Reviewer: Yes, doing changes in production is discouraged

Reviewer 2: @spg @EFF What are you guys recommending? We add a mention ''Not recommended'' or we remove all mention of that altogether.

Reviewer 3: @marcmerce  @Michael-N-M  I would remove this section altogether.

Suppose you have a more complex deployment pipeline with one or multiple staging environments with pending changes on each environment. In that case, you can easily track and work on them using development pipelines.

### Setting up Botpress Git Syncing (with GitHub)

1. [Download Botpress](https://botpress.com/download)
2. Open your terminal and ```cd [PATH]/botpress-v12_20_2-darwin-x64```
3. Set up GitHub remote tracking
```
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin git@github.com:[GH_USERNAME]/bp-project.git
git push -u origin main
```
4. You can add a develop and staging branch to fit your workflow
5. Everytime you make a change in the Conversation Studio or in your preferred code editor, you can commit that change to track changes.

> 6. When you are ready to send you chatbot to production, you can ```git merge``` your develop branch in master.

Reviewer 4: You mention above that the develop and staging branches are optional, but here you say that we have to merge develop into master in order to deploy in production. I think this could be confusing for those that want to be trunk-based and only use feature/bugfix/hotfix branches. 

What about, instead of saying: `you can ```git merge``` your develop branch in master.`, you change it for something like: `you can ```git merge``` your changes into main.`? 

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Good call Laurent, thanks for that

> 6. When you are ready to send you chatbot to production, you can ```git merge``` your develop branch in master.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. When you are ready to send you chatbot to production, you can ```git merge``` your changes into main.
```

7. Then, you ```checkout master``` in your terminal and you go to your Botpress Admin to export your chatbot.
8. You upload it on your production environment (usually cloud deployment)

### Syncing Changes Between Environments

We will use Git to sync changes between 2 environments and promote an environment (i.e., promote staging to production).

Let's assume that given a pipeline with three environments, **development**, **staging**, and **production**, there are some changes both on production and staging, and you want to promote staging to production. What we want to do is the following:

> 1. Create a merge conflict so we can choose what we want in a merge conflict tool.
> 2. Resolve conflicts (i.e., merge staging into production)

Reviewer 4: I think it would make more sense if you said something like: 

```suggestion
1. Merge production into staging which might result in a merge conflict.
2. Resolve conflicts using any merge conflict tool (e.g., VSCode, Sublime Merge)
```

Personally, it's the "Create a merge conflict" part that stood out. I find it weird to say that you want to create a merge conflict since a merge conflict is a side effect of merging two branches and not something you really intend to do.

3. Push the results to master so they are deployed to your production environment.

First, create a branch and sync it with the production environment:

```
git checkout master && git checkout -b prod-sync
./bp pull --url {PROD_SERVER_URL} --authToken {YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN} --targetDir {TARGET_DIRECTORY}
git commit -am 'sync prod'
```

Repeat the process with staging environment:

```
git checkout master && git checkout -b staging-sync
./bp pull --url {STAGING_SERVER_URL} --authToken {YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN} --targetDir {TARGET_DIRECTORY}
git commit -am 'sync staging'
```

Then merge the staging changes into the prod changes:

`git checkout prod-sync && git merge staging-sync`

> This will create a merge conflict; use your preferred merge tool to review the changes and resolve the conflicts. Once done, you can publish your branch and create a pull request (if your hosted git allows it), and merge it to master.

Reviewer 4: This might create a merge conflict ... ?

Reviewer 2: what do you suggest here? @laurentlp 

cc: @Michael-N-M (keep an eye on Laurent suggestion)

Once your master branch is up-to-date, you'll be able to [push](versions#push) the changes to production with:

`./bp push --url {PROD_SERVER_URL} --authToken {YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN} --targetDir {TARGET_DIRECTORY}`

With these quick tips, you can now promote any environment changes to any stage in your deployment pipeline.

## Editing on the Production Server

Once your bot is deployed, you (and non-technical team members) **can still make changes to your bots from Botpress Studio**, which is one significant advantage of using Botpress. This is made possible by our built-in versioning system.

> For your convenience, Botpress provides the GUI tools to edit these files while in development. We also offer the same tools in production, but there's a caveat. Writing changes to the server's file system is not always possible. They could easily be lost due to ephemeral filesystems, or they could be ignored when running in a cluster setup.

Reviewer 3: Well there's a way around it , the user can simply set the `BPFS_STORAGE=database` env variable and production environment changes will be kept.

Reviewer 2: @EFF As previous comment about this not being recommended, we might remove all of this. But otherwise, how would you phrase that?

Reviewer 3: Just remove the whole thing
